don't you say that again under arrest
for the murder of Rolla Legrand get the
wrong guy I was with her oh come on
let's go and that this is a frame-up
populum right money get some never
escaped without it Louie they got nice a
millionaire last long keep me alive
I'll underwrite any escape you can you
arrange something tells me you can do
quite Savage
you are the property of the penal
administration of French Guiana there's
no way off snows away I know many of you
are thinking about escape this is your
best shipments feel free to try whenever
you like I'm gonna come with you there
are two Guardians who are always beauty
Bush what a best thing that can happen
to you is starvation boy you could
choose to see what's it good for
white sharks always
if you manage to survive your first
attempt you'll get two years in solitary
second attempt you'll get a life
sentence at Devil's Island
strange things happen there especially
to those who came to help
a fiery girl and in over a different
kind of life
[Music]